📜Create texture atlas loading tutorial (#27)
KinsonDigital/VelaptorDocs: docs/tutorials/guides/hello-velaptor.mdx

This guide will show you the basics of creating a simple **Hello World** application using Velaptor.

:::note Project Templates
To see a complete working sample project of this tutorial, look at the [HelloVelaptor](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/VelaptorTutorials/tree/master/HelloVelaptor) project in the [VelaptorTutorials](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/VelaptorTutorials) repository.
:::

### <span class="color-step">Step 1: Create project</span>

Create a basic Velaptor application.
:::note
For more info, refer to the [Project Setup](./project-setup) guide.
:::

### <span class="color-step">Step 2: Loading content</span>

> TODO: refer to adding content tutorial

Reviewer: Looks like this TODO can be completed.  Can you refer to the tutorial here?

:::

### <span class="color-step">Step 3: Rendering text</span>

#### <span class="color-sub-step">Step 3.1: Create renderer field</span>

Now that we have loaded a font to be applied to the text we want to render, we can now move on to rendering the text.

> Before we can render the font, we need to create the appropriate renderer to render what we want.

Reviewer: Reword
```suggestion
Now that we have loaded a font to be applied to the text we want to render, we can render the text.
However, before we can render the font, we need to create the appropriate renderer.
```

}
```
:::info

Default fonts
<details><summary>Expand me to learn more!</summary>

> Currently, Velaptor comes with 4 different default fonts.  All of the default fonts are _**Times New Roman**_.

Reviewer: Reword
```suggestion
Currently, four default fonts come _**built-into**_ Velaptor  and are _**Times New Roman**_.
```

> <!-- TODO: Need to create a link to the guide once it is created.-->

Reviewer: This TODO looks legit.  I didn't find a font guide, but I want to make sure.

> Default font types are the 4 types of fonts that come _**built-into**_ Velaptor. For more info, refer to the font guide.

Reviewer: Reword.  The first part of this sentence was combined with line 104. 
```suggestion
Default font types are the 4 types of fonts that come _**built-into**_ Velaptor. For more info, refer to the font guide.
```

</details>
:::

#### <span class="color-sub-step">Step 3.4: Render the text</span>

Now that we have a text renderer and a font to render text, we need to use the font renderer to render
some text to the screen using our font. Add the code below to the `OnDraw()` method to accomplish
this.  Note that we need to invoke `IRenderer.Begin()` before we invoke any `Render()` methods for

> any renderers and then invoke the `IRenderer.End()` when we are finished with all of our renderings.

Reviewer: Reword
```suggestion
After setting up a text renderer and selecting a font for rendering text, we can now render text on the screen using the font renderer. To achieve this, you can add the following code to the OnDraw() method. Remember to call IRenderer.Begin() before using any Render() methods for any renderers, and then call IRenderer.End() when you're done with all the renderings.
```

:::info
What is this render `Begin()` and `End()` thing?

<details><summary>Expand me to learn more!</summary>

These have to do with batching.  When we call `Begin()`, we are telling Velaptor that we are ready to start _**'batching'**_ all of our textures together.
As we call any `Render()` method for any renderer types, we are adding textures to the _**'batch'**_.  Once we invoke the `End()` method,
this tells Velaptor that we are done batching all of our textures.

> Once we invoked the `End()` method, this is when the actual rendering occurs.

Reviewer: Reword.  Spelling. 

```suggestion
When we call any `Render()` method for any renderer types, we are adding textures to the _**'batch'**_.  Once we invoke the `End()` method, it tells Velaptor that we are done batching all of our textures and it renders them. 
```

Just remember the steps:
1. Invoke `IRenderer.Begin()` method

> 2. Invoked all `Render()` methods for the current frame

Reviewer: Spelling
```suggestion
2. Invoke all `Render()` methods for the current frame
```

3. Invoke the `IRenderer.End()` method

That's it!!
</details>
:::

```csharp
protected override void OnDraw(FrameTime frameTime)
{
    var x = (int)(Width / 2); // Get the center of the window horizontally
    var y = (int)(Height / 2); // Get the center of the window vertically

    IRenderer.Begin(); // This must be called before we invoke render

    // Render the text to the center of the screen with the color orange
    this.fontRenderer.Render(this.font, "Hello Velaptor!!", x, y, Color.Orange);

    IRenderer.End(); // This must be called to end the batching process and render to the screen

    base.OnDraw(frameTime);
}
```

:::info

Texture and text origin
<details><summary>Expand me to learn more!</summary>

> Some game engines and frameworks use the top left corner of an object when rendering at a particular position.  Velaptor does not work like this.

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
Some game engines and frameworks use the top left corner of an object when rendering at a particular position.  Velaptor does not work like that.
```

When rendering text, the position of the text is relative to the center of the entire text or texture content.

What this means is if you render the text at position _**(0,0)**_, you would only be able to see the bottom right quadrant of the text because
the other 3 quadrants would be rendered off-screen!!  Make sure to take this into account when it comes to text and object render positioning.
<img style={{width: '75%'}} src={require('@site/static/img/tutorials/guides/hello-velaptor/text-origin.png').default} alt="Example banner"/>
</details>
:::

#### <span class="color-sub-step">Step 3.5: See the result</span>

> Now the best part!! Let's see the fruits of your labor and run the application.

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
Now for the best part!! Let's see the fruits of your labor and run the application.
```

You should see the result below!! 🥳
<img style={{width: '75%'}} src={require('@site/static/img/tutorials/guides/hello-velaptor/hello-velaptor-window.jpg').default} alt="Example banner"/>

### <span class="color-step">Step 4: Let's update something</span>

> A game cannot be a game without adding interactivity to make things happen.  Otherwise, you are just looking at a still picture!

Reviewer: Reword
```suggestion
A game isn't a game without adding interactivity, right?  
```

All games have 2 pieces that make up the game loop.  The first piece is the ability to update your game before you render it to the screen.  The second piece

> is rendering the screen.  Let's add something to give the application some life.

Reviewer: Grammar.  Add "to"
```suggestion
is rendering to the screen.  Let's add something to give the application some life.
```

#### <span class="color-sub-step">Step 3.5: See the result</span>

Now for the best part!! Let's see the fruits of your labor and run the application.
You should see the result below!! 🥳
<img style={{width: '75%'}} src={require('@site/static/img/tutorials/guides/hello-velaptor/hello-velaptor-window.jpg').default} alt="Example banner"/>

### <span class="color-step">Step 4: Let's update something</span>

> A game isn't a game without behavior and the ability to interact to make things happen.  Otherwise, you are just looking at a still picture!

Reviewer: Reword
```suggestion
A game isn't a game without behavior and interaction; otherwise, you're looking at a still picture!
```
